CI-app - Swift - Add documentation about adding custom tags (#11476)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/swift.md

You can also disable or enable specific auto-instrumentation in some of the tests from Swift or Objective-C by importing the module `DatadogSDKTesting` and using the class: `DDInstrumentationControl`.

> ## Adding custom tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom tags
```

> ### Using environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment variables
```

You can use `DD_TAGS` environment variable. It must contain pairs of `key:tag` separated by spaces. For example:
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}

> DDTAGS=tag-key-0:tag-value-0 tag-key-1:tag-value-1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DD_TAGS=tag-key-0:tag-value-0 tag-key-1:tag-value-1
```

{{< /code-block >}}

> If one of the values starts with the `$` character, it will be replaced with the environment variable with the same name if it exists, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of the values starts with the `$` character, it is replaced with an environment variable of the same name (if it exists), for example:
```

{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}

> DDTAGS=home:$HOME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DD_TAGS=home:$HOME
```

{{< /code-block >}}

> It also supports replacing a environment variable at the beggining of the value if contains non env variables supported characters (`a-z`,  `A-Z` or `_`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `$` character also supports replacing an environment variable at the beginning of a value if contains non-environment variable supported characters (`a-z`,  `A-Z` or `_`), for example:
```

{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
FOO = BAR
DD_TAGS=key1:$FOO-v1 // expected: key1:BAR-v1
{{< /code-block >}}

> ### Using OpenTelemetry (only for Swift, Objective-C not supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OpenTelemetry
```

> Datadog swift testing framework uses [OpenTelemetry](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-swift) as the tracing technology under the hood. You can access the OpenTelemetry tracer using `DDInstrumentationControl.openTelemetryTracer` and can use any OpenTelemetry api. For example, for adding a tag/attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Using OpenTelemetry is only supported for Swift.

Datadog Swift testing framework uses [OpenTelemetry][2] as the tracing technology under the hood. You can access the OpenTelemetry tracer using `DDInstrumentationControl.openTelemetryTracer` and use any OpenTelemetry API. For example, to add a tag or attribute:
```
Insert `[2]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-swift` below line 517.

{{< code-block lang="swift" >}}
let tracer = DDInstrumentationControl.openTelemetryTracer
tracer?.activeSpan?.setAttribute(key: "OTelTag", value: "OTelValue")
{{< /code-block >}}

> Test target needs to link explicitly with `opentelemetry-swift`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test target needs to link explicitly with `opentelemetry-swift`.
```
